Ezviz battery work mode (#35744)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ezviz.markdown

If your camera supports motion detection warning sounds, you can use this entity to select the level.

### Battery work mode

For battery powered cameras, you can use this entity to select the battery work mode to optimize your battery consumption.

| Battery work mode              | Description                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Plugged in             | The camera will keep recording. The camera should be plugged in.                                     |
| High performance       | One video clip is longer but saves less power.                                                       |
| Power save             | One video clip is shorter and saves more power.                                                      |
| Super power saving     | Sleep mode is on. Active live view can wake up the camera.                                           |

> | Custom                 | The camera will use the schedule(s) registered in the app                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Custom                 | The camera will use the schedules registered in the app.                                            |
```
